Tracing runtime 2601 (#78)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-runtime-overrides: README.md

1. Run command `./scripts/build-tracing-runtime.sh XXX`
1. Commit wasm blob and json digest for each new runtime
1. Push the branch `tracing-runtime-XXX` and submit a PR

### Publishing the docker runtime

There are two actions to publish the tracing runtime on docker:

1. Publish Docker 
    publishes the tracing runtime to the [moonbeamfoundation DockerHub registry](https://hub.docker.com/r/moonbeamfoundation/moonbeam-tracing/tags)
    

2. Publish Docker (Legacy PureStake)
    publishes the tracing runtime to the legagy [purestake DockerHub registry](https://hub.docker.com/r/purestake/moonbeam-tracing/tags)

> Until the legagy docker registry is abandoned it is necessary to publish the image on both registries 

Author: ```suggestion
Until the legacy docker registry is discontinued, it is requied to publish the image on both registries 
```
